docs/TODO.md, before:

### TODO

- [x] nix-schema, pushed to cachix!
- [ ] distrobox-tui-dev upd isnt working properly
- [ ] some check that ensures readme and upd-all.sh are updated along with pkgs/
- [ ] overlays
  - navi-master (needed it once, good to have + interested)
  - git-bug-master (one day github -> git-bug local first)
  - pr-tracker-patched (follow pr-tracker init pr nixpkgs and rm)
- [ ] nixos modules
  - opengist (inprog out of tree)
  - rsshub (very simple, next)
  - snips.sh
  - teldrive (immich is a good one for inspiration) (onhold)
  - cloudflared ??
- [ ] hm modules
  - espanso wayland+x11 overlay?
- [ ] lib
  - funcs that might be useful
  - as of now use it as a bookmark/snippet/learnings wiki for useful nixpkgs funcs
    - patchShebangs w/ chmod +x
    - substituteInplace --replace-{fail,...}
    - override
    - overrideAttrs
    - overrideModAttrs (find a discourse thread for this as an example)
    - packageOverrides ??
    - extensible (packagesWith)
  - create a real wiki article and remove here?
    - under nixpkgs contrib > good to know (tent.)
- [ ] nix-vm-test for system-manager, nixostests for
  - unstable pkgs
    - I maintain
      - search repology my email
      - if nixostest in nixpkgs run it with unstable pkg
    - I am interested in
      - pagefind
      - rsshub
      - etc.
- [ ] nixostest, nix-vm-test (arch,ubuntu,debian), derivations for simkl2plex
- [ ] nixostest, nix-vm-test + sysm, derivations for teldrive + rclone

Commit message:

flake pkgs metadata script
Signed-off-by: phanirithvij <phanirithvij2000@gmail.com>

docs/TODO.md, after:

### TODO

- [x] Autogenerate a flake.nix with all flakePkgs
  - this is to be able to use `nix flake metadata` on all of them
- [x] nix-schema, pushed to cachix!
- [ ] distrobox-tui-dev upd isnt working properly
- [ ] some check that ensures readme and upd-all.sh are updated along with pkgs/
- [ ] overlays
  - navi-master (needed it once, good to have + interested)
  - git-bug-master (one day github -> git-bug local first)
  - pr-tracker-patched (follow pr-tracker init pr nixpkgs and rm)
- [ ] nixos modules
  - opengist (inprog out of tree)
  - rsshub (very simple, next)
  - snips.sh
  - teldrive (immich is a good one for inspiration) (onhold)
  - cloudflared ??
- [ ] hm modules
  - espanso wayland+x11 overlay?
- [ ] lib
  - funcs that might be useful
  - as of now use it as a bookmark/snippet/learnings wiki for useful nixpkgs
    funcs
    - patchShebangs w/ chmod +x
    - substituteInplace --replace-{fail,...}
    - override
    - overrideAttrs
    - overrideModAttrs (find a discourse thread for this as an example)
    - packageOverrides ??
    - extensible (packagesWith)
  - create a real wiki article and remove here?
    - under nixpkgs contrib > good to know (tent.)
- [ ] nix-vm-test for system-manager, nixostests for
  - unstable pkgs
    - I maintain
      - search repology my email
      - if nixostest in nixpkgs run it with unstable pkg
    - I am interested in
      - pagefind
      - rsshub
      - etc.
- [ ] nixostest, nix-vm-test (arch,ubuntu,debian), derivations for simkl2plex
- [ ] nixostest, nix-vm-test + sysm, derivations for teldrive + rclone
